content/home/about.md, before:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 1

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Cognitive Control Processes",
    "Cognition in Clinical & Ageing Populations",
    "Computational Modelling",
    "Scientific Reproducibility"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Cognitive Psychology"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2010

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MSc in Psychological Research"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2007

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc in Psychology"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2006
 
+++

# Biography
I am a Senior Lecturer in Cognitive Psychology at [Keele University, UK](https://www.keele.ac.uk/psychology/), where I am also currently serving as Head of School. I joined Keele in 2010 after completing my PhD at Bangor University under the supervision of [Dr George Houghton.](https://www.bangor.ac.uk/psychology/people/profiles/george_houghton.php.en)

The mission of my lab's work is to conduct fundamental research to understand cognitive control processes, and to then use this knowledge to tackle applied and clinical questions.

Commit message:

added integrity lead to descriptor

content/home/about.md, after:

+++
# About/Biography widget.
widget = "about"
active = true
date = "2016-04-20T00:00:00"

# Order that this section will appear in.
weight = 1

# List your academic interests.
[interests]
  interests = [
    "Cognitive Control Processes",
    "Cognition in Clinical & Ageing Populations",
    "Computational Modelling",
    "Scientific Reproducibility"
  ]

# List your qualifications (such as academic degrees).
[[education.courses]]
  course = "PhD in Cognitive Psychology"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2010

[[education.courses]]
  course = "MSc in Psychological Research"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2007

[[education.courses]]
  course = "BSc in Psychology"
  institution = "Bangor University, UK"
  year = 2006
 
+++

# Biography
I am a Senior Lecturer in Cognitive Psychology at [Keele University, UK](https://www.keele.ac.uk/psychology/), where I am also currently serving as Head of School. I am also the University Academic Lead for Resarch Integrity and Improvement. I joined Keele in 2010 after completing my PhD at Bangor University under the supervision of [Dr George Houghton.](https://www.bangor.ac.uk/psychology/people/profiles/george_houghton.php.en)

The mission of my lab's work is to conduct fundamental research to understand cognitive control processes, and to then use this knowledge to tackle applied and clinical questions.
